h1. Form Filler

h2. Description

Form Filler is used to autocomplete a form using a JSON obect. It requires the Prototype Javascript Framework version 1.6.1 which can be obtained at http://www.prototypejs.org.

h2. Usage

Form Filler is straight forward. Instantiate the class with the id of the form and use the fill method to populate.

<pre><code class="html">
  var filler = new FormFiller('formId');
  filler.fill(jsonObject);
</code></pre>

h2. Required ID's

ID's for the form elements should be the same as the name. This can be an issue for **multiselect** boxes but FormFiller will handle those fine. Most backends require a name[] to receive an array of values for these elements. 

In order to fill **checkboxes** you need to follow these guidelines. Example checkbox input:

<pre><code class="html">
	I have a bike:
	<input id="vehicle[Bike]" type="checkbox" name="vehicle[]" value="Bike" />
	<br />
	I have a car:
	<input id="vehicle[Car]" type="checkbox" name="vehicle[]" value="Car" />
	<br />
	I have an airplane:
	<input id="vehicle[Airplane]" type="checkbox" name="vehicle[]" value="Airplane" />
</code></pre>

Notice the id's contain the __name__ of the input with brackets. It doesn't matter what is in the brackets as long as each ID is unique.

h3. Callbacks

There are two included callbacks

|_. Calback |_. Parameters |_. Description |
| onStart | form | triggered when FormFiller#fill is called |
| onComplete | form | triggered after the form has been filled |

Pass the callbacks in as options during instantiation.

<pre><code  class="html">
  var filler = new FormFiller('formId', {
    onStart: function(){
      showAjaxLoader();
    },
    onComplete: function(){
      hideAjaxLoader();
    }
  });  
  filler.fill(jsonObject);
</code></pre>

h3. Methods

|_. Method |_. Description | 
| FormFiller#fill | Used to populate the form with the supplied JSON object |
| FormFiller#reset | Resets the form to the forms original values (values taken when FormFiller was instantiated) |